In the real world, you often have to deal with messy malformed HTML.
It's often buried in nested tables. Even though people have been
phasing out tables for years in favor of CSS constructs, this is just
a way that a lot of web pages get written.
Oftentimes, you don't have control over web pages so you have to deal
with this kind of mess of having nested tables and having your
elements being deeply buried inside of some nested table. That's
actually not that difficult to deal with.
It's just the same thing that we've been doing so far in order to get,
let's say, a row out of a nested table. But you just have to be
a little bit smart about how you go about getting the elements
and try to not get overwhelmed.
Just take it one step at a time.
I'm going to show you first the normal way that we've been doing so far
to get elements out of a table, and then we're going to look at using
XPath. We'll finally have a justification for using some of the more
complex selectors to find elements on a page, like XPath. I recommend
that you don't use XPath unless you have a sufficiently complex page
structure because it does add one more layer of technology that some
nests understand.
But in the case of nested tables, a lot of times XPath is
going to be the best and most succinct way to access a row or some data that's inside of a table.